Copyright (c) 2004 Cornell Research Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved.
Authors: Rimon Barr, Prof. Zygmunt J. Haas, Dr. Robbert van Renesse
 
This software is licensed by Cornell Research Foundation, Inc.
("CRF") for non-commercial academic purposes only. By using this
software, you hereby enter into the following licensing agreement
with CRF.


Software License Terms and Conditions
 
1. SOFTWARE shall mean JiST code or SWANS code, or portions thereof,
or related documentation, made available on the project web site.
SOFTWARE includes, but is not limited to, JiST or SWANS source code,
object code and executable code. 

2. CRF is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cornell University, is a
fiduciary of Cornell University in intellectual property matters and
holds all intellectual property rights in SOFTWARE, including but
not limited to copyright, trademark and patent rights. 

3. LICENSEE means the party to this Agreement and the user of
SOFTWARE. By using SOFTWARE, LICENSEE enters into this Agreement
with CRF. 

4. SOFTWARE is made available under this Agreement to allow certain
non-commercial academic use. CRF reserves all commercial and
non-academic rights to SOFTWARE and these rights may be licensed by
CRF to third parties. Interested parties may contact CRF at
20 Thornwood Drive, Suite 105, Ithaca, NY 14850, tel. 607-257-1081,
fax. 607-257-1015.

5. LICENSEE is hereby granted permission to download, compile,
execute, copy, and modify SOFTWARE for non-commercial academic
purposes provided that this notice accompanies all copies of
SOFTWARE. Copies of modified SOFTWARE may be distributed only for
non-commercial academic purposes (a) if this notice accompanies
those copies, (b) if said copies carry prominent notices stating
that SOFTWARE has been changed, and (c) the date of any changes are
clearly identified in SOFTWARE.

6. LICENSEE agrees that the export of SOFTWARE from the United
States may require approval from the U.S. government and failure to
obtain such approval will result in the immediate termination of
this license and may result in criminal liability under U.S. laws.

7. The work leading to the development of SOFTWARE was supported in
part by various grants from an agency of the U.S. Government, and
CRF is obligated to comply with U.S. OMB Circular A-124 and 37 CFR
Part 401. This license is subject to the applicable terms of U.S.
Government regulations concerning Government funded inventions. 

8. CRF provides SOFTWARE on an "as is" basis. CRF does not warrant,
guarantee, or make any representations regarding the use or results
of SOFTWARE with respect to its correctness, accuracy, reliability
or performance. The entire risk of the use and performance of
SOFTWARE is assumed by LICENSEE. ALL WARRANTIES INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
MERCHANTABILITY AND ANY WARRANTY OF NONINFRINGEMENT OF PATENTS,
COPYRIGHTS, OR ANY OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT ARE HEREBY
EXCLUDED.

9. LICENSEE understands and agrees that neither CRF nor Cornell
University is under any obligation to provide maintenance, support
or update services, notices of latent defects, correction of
defects, or future versions for SOFTWARE. 

10. Even if advised of the possibility of damages, under no
circumstances shall CRF or Cornell University individually or
jointly be liable to LICENSEE or any third party for damages of any
character, including, without limitation, direct, indirect,
incidental, consequential or special damages, loss of profits, loss
of use, loss of goodwill, computer failure or malfunction. LICENSEE
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless CRF and Cornell University for
any and all liability CRF or Cornell University may incur as a
result of use of SOFTWARE by LICENSEE.

